关于华山
Mount Hua is located in Huayin City, 120 kilometers away from Xi'an. it is part of the Qing Mountains, which not only divide south and north Shaanxi, but also south and north China. Unlike Mount Tai which used to had many pilgrims(香客，朝圣者), Mount Hua had few pilgrims to visit. Because the roads up the mountains(上山) were extremely dangerous. However, those people who want to have longevity(长寿) climbed Mount Hua quite a lot, just because there has many herb-medicine(草药), especially some rare ones. Since installing cable car in the 1990s, the number of visitors has increased greatly.

关于黄山
Huangshan is located in southern Anhui province. It is famous for its unique landscape, especially sunrise and sea of clouds(云海). To appreciate the magnificence of Huangshan, it is better to look upward in most cases. while to  enjoy the fascinating scenery of the mountain, it is better to look downward. Huangshan's humid climate is good for the growth of tea tree. which is one of the major producers of tea. There also has many hot springs(温泉) which can prevent skindisease. As one of the most famous tourist destinations in China, huangshan also represents the most popular theme of photographic and traditional Chinese paintings.

关于泰山
Located in western Shandong Province, Mount Tai has an altitude of 1500 kilometers and covers an area of about 400 square kilometers. It is not only spectacular, but also renowned(有声望的) and historical. people used to worship it for the last over 3000 years. It is said that 72 emperors once visited here. many writers travel here for inspiration to make poems. Artists also come here in order to paint. That explains why Mount Tai has a lot of cultural relics and historical sites(文物古迹). Now it has become one of the leading tourist attractions in China.

关于长江
The Yangtze River is the longest river in Asia and the third-longest(第三长) in the world. it flows through(流经) a variety of ecosystems(生态系统) and is habitat to many endangered species(物种). it also irrigates(灌溉) one-fifth of the land area in China. There are one-third of Chinese population living in the Yangtze river basin. The Yangtze River plays an important role in Chinese history,culture and economy. The Yangtze Delta(长江三角洲) generates as much as 20 percent of the China’s GDP. For thousand of years, the river always be used for water,irrigation and industrial production. It also owns the largest hydropower station(水电站) in the world.
